Good morning. Welcome back, Welcome back to our, our lecture for today. So hopefully hopefully you can.
2 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
Use the strategy and tips and it will be, look at the plus as diving. Diving means it appear 1st on the left. Look at the miners as dugging.
3 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
Did appear later and it's on the right side of, of the axis x axis, ok? And always have in your mind, course.
4 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
Leads sign. Sign lacks costs so it's costs if cost is leading signed and we want to convert right in co sign in term of sign, so.
5 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
Leads, so we write the signed and we leads so plus 90 degrees, ok? So this example A, just now we have already provide the steps and answers but just to to draw again the exam.
6 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
In So the difference or in the face between the blue and the black is 40 degrees. So one more time, forgot to mention.
7 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
So not just mention the difference, sorry, not just mention 40 degrees for the full correctness full correct full correct marks, should be, you should write.
8 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
Current is leading I, current I is leading V by 40 degrees, not just to write 40 degrees difference. It is the best for you to write I.
9 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
Leads, I leads V by 40 degrees. For the case B, it's already correct. The 1st difference is 80 degrees, but for the best marks full marks.
10 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
I leads V by 80 degrees. So I leads V by 80 degrees. Last but not least, the.
11 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
The last part, part C for the best, so it is correct. The 1st difference is 110 degrees.
12 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
But the four for the full marks, I leads B by 110 degrees. I leads V by 110 degrees.
13 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
So face relationships face relationships, so you can, there is an oscilloscope in the lab, oscilloscope. So, so you can you can review all the.
14 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
Waveform characteristics. So e.g., in the of oscilloscope, how can you determine the face difference? So let's say, this.
15 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
So maybe I will draw this one. This is, E, green and sorry.
16 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
Yeah, is anyone red. And you can take one point.
17 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
E.g., the, the, the green and then the red is here so you can see the difference. This is the difference between the green and the red, and then.
18 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
Look at the horizontal sensitivity. So this is one division, one division is 0.2 milliseconds, so that means two divisions.
19 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
The difference of the between the greens and the red. So that the the in here if you look look from the osloscope, the face difference between the green and the red.
20 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
Is the number of divisions two in this case divided by the time period. So the time period is when, one complete.
21 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
One complete, one full wave, so one full wave is 123455, five divisions. So here we can see, two divisions divided.
22 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
By five divisions and apply by 360 degrees. So your, you will get your answer how many degrees, how many degrees is the face, the face difference between the green and the red?
23 "Mohd Fareq Abd Malek" (1553601280)
The green at the rate, so it's very.